---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-24T21:28:10.254Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-24T21:28:09.919Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: Resume
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-24-resume.md
published: true
url: resume/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Resume

SENIOR DESIGNER / TBA GLOBAL / MAY 2014 - CURRENT 

TBA Global is a live events agency that uses the science of creativity toproduce innovative, engaging experiences for our clients and their customers. 

- Conceptualized storytelling techniques to customize impactful events for clients' audiences. 

- Collaborated with client services and production to meet tight deadlines and flawlessly execute events. 

- Worked directly with clients including Chipotle, Bank of America, and Diageo to create print, digital and environmental design elements that captured their branding and the essence of their event. 

- Developed decks in conjunction with business development that resulted in proposals that landed contracts with companies including Zappos, Google, Samsung, YouTube, and QVC. 

- Creative directed a two day international event with Google that included convention sessions, trade show breakouts, and cocktail hours. 

SENIOR DESIGNER / AMERICAN LAWYER MEDIA / AUGUST 2012 - MAY 2014 

ALM is the leading provider of specialized legal news across the country.
- Published over 50 annual international advertorial magazines in a fast paced environment. Supplements were featured in publications such as the Los Angeles Times, The Wall Street Journal, New York Magazine, and Fortune. 

- Developed a visual identity for the brand, encompassing the design of the magazine, promotional materials, digital elements, and advertisements. 

- Initiated streamlining of production by collaborating with sales associates, customers, partners and the printers. 

- Led the campaign to create and organize a content management system. 

- Retouched photographs, proofed copy, and maintained microsite.

FREELANCE ARTIST / 2010 - CURRENT 

Brand Manager | Laureate Academy | 2015 

Senior Graphic Designer | Proscenium | 2015 

Assistant Creative Director | Pitwah Productions | 2015 

Photo Editor | Elfatrany Design Agency | 2014 - 2015 

Videographer | Tommy Bahama | 2013 

Producer | Leadership Miami Veterans Project | 2012 

Set Designer | Tunnel of Oppression | 2010 & 2011 

Junior Multimedia Manager | University of Miami | 2008 - 2010 

AWARDS 

Associated Collegiate Press Pacemaker Award / The Ibis / 2012 & 2013 

Columbia Scholastic Press Association Gold Crown / The Ibis / 2012 & 2013 

Columbia Scholastic Press Association 
Gold Circle Awards / The Ibis / Portfolio / 2013 

Columbia Scholastic Press Association 
Gold Circle Awards / The Ibis / Concept & Theme / 2012 

College Media Association / The Ibis / Best in Show / 2012 & 2013 

SKILLS 

Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office, Final Cut Pro, HTML & CSS, Studio Art 

EDUCATION 

University of Miami, Bachelor of Fine Arts